Third Year Project Dissertation Notes:

I’m going to start making notes on this now and starting to write this so I feel better when I finally come round to doing it and to make myself feel less stressed.

Contents: 
1. Abstract
2. Keywords List
3. Contents Page
4. Introduction / Background information
5. Main Body
6. Conclusion and future work
7. Legal, Social, Ethical, and Environmental Issues

So, I can break that down even more to sections below:

Abstract: 





Keywords List:
    




Contents Page: 





Introduction

    Project Motivation
    Problem Outline
    Specification / Project Goal
    Report Structure


Main Body 

    Initial Design 



Project Management

    Original Management Decisions made (what methodology used etc....)
    Key management decisions made throughout the project

Results

    (I don't think I have much for this.)


Decisions

    Key decisions made
    Justification


Conclusion




Future Work





Legal, Social, Ethical, and Environmental Issues





Official Report: 

    Introduction:
        Project Motivation: 
            Discussing the personal ties with Shannon and Katie, extend it using some smartphone facts of the amount of children with smartphones (or the amount of 15 year olds with smartphones).
            Discuss the importance of GCSE's in determining a student's future, and the stress a student gets when completing them.
        Problem Outline:
            Discuss what the problem is about, trying to aid a student's revision in a place close to themselves. 
            Discuss the current state of the problem, MyMaths and Khan Academy
            Discuss what you hope to achieve through this projectm and how it will improve / solve this Problem
        Specification / Problem Goal:
            The requirements and how to read them (How MoSCoW works)
            Outline the timeline of the project? [Either put this here or later in the project management section]
        Report Structure:
            Outline each chapter of this report and explain what its goal is to convey

    Main Body:

        Testing: 
            Discuss the change to testing, from unit testing to user testing conducted with colleagues

    Project Management:
        Schedule:
            Compare and contrast the orgiginal timeline, Christmas timeline, and the final timeline to which everything was completed.
        Methodology:
            Discuss why you picked Scrum over the other methodologies, and how you didn't necessarily stick to it in first term
        Tools:
            Discuss GitHub, Android Studio, and the other tools discussed in the project specification which have been used

    Results:
        Must Requirements:
            Go through the must requirements and outline which have been completed, and the dates in which they have been completed
        Should Requirements:
            Go through the should requirements and outline which have been completed and which haven't, explain where the ones which haven't currently are in being completed and why they haven't been.
        Could Requirements:
            Outline the could requirement and that it hasn't been completed because it was a stretch so start with.

    Decisions:
        Programming Decisions:
            Run through why questions were hard coded.
        Project Management Decisions:

        Project Scope Decisions:

    Conclusion:
        Evaluate the achievement of the project
    
    Future Work:
        Outline the future work which would be completed if the project was continued

    Legal, Social, Ethical, and Environmental Issues:
        Find something to write I guess?






Reference all current references from everything else as well as the project repository from GitHub