15/10/19 - Started the project on my laptop, Android Studio is being a bitch and everytime I try and use the visual editor it crashes Android Studio.
I am just editing the XML directly to get around this crashing because it's pissing me off and I need to start the project.
Working on the start page at the moment. Working on the positioning of the buttons but may leave the positioning until the end.
16/10/19 (Morning) - Stuck on where to start now I have my environment set up. Created a small list of TODOs to complete.
Real basic shit like "Create information page about yourself" with the hopes that if I just start doing something it's better than nothing.
I created a modules class, basically copied the headfirst android cookbooks workout class and changed it a bit. 
16/10/19 (Afternoon) - Started by creating an Information page for the project. Put the functionality to get to the 
information page by clicking the information button on the home screen. I also ran the app on my phone and made sure USB 
Debugging worked. I'm still getting used to Android Studio on Linux but I'm getting more confident.
31/10/19 - Happy Halloween ME! Well spent working on the project. You created the listFragment for the modules activity and
created an intent that then passed to that page. The listFragment worked really well and displayed everything it was supposed
to. I am calling it quits here. I can make the buttons do things later. 
01/11/19 - I spent four hours doing stuff and achieving fuck all. Added a listener to listen for button clicks and an interface
to communicate between the modulesPage activity and the modulesList fragment so when a listItem is selected it feeds back
the item ID to the activity which then launches the next activity, the submodulesPage, and passes the module ID to it.
This however doesn't seem to be working and keeps on crashing the app.
02/11/19 - Figured out the error from yesterday. I was trying to override a method from the superclass ... (finish later
I need to go to work.) The method was onListItemClick and I was trying to override included a long of ID. I had tried to make that 
an int, which obviously didn't work because it's calling a superclass method, so I was getting the error of no method in the
superclass. I fixed that and now the app doesn't crash when I try to click on lists. 